[DataGridPremium] Add `metadata.referenceId` to AI assistant prompt resolver (#19695)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/ai-assistant/ai-assistant.md

   - Fill the `examples` prop in the `columns` array – this is recommended if you want to avoid exposing the row data to the AI Assistant.
   - Provide access to the row data with `allowAiAssistantDataSampling` prop – since this uses real data, it may lead to better processing results.

> 6. Provide `userId` reference to be able track spend and limit the users.
>    The MUI Service support `metadata` property where you could store the user identification reference of your customers to easily track and manage usage.
> 
>    ::warning
>    The `metadata` object would store only `userId` property. If you interested in storing more data, please [contact our support team](mailto:support@mui.com).
>    ::

Reviewer: Since this is for their own reference and can be even a department reference, we can call it `referenceId` or `internalReferenceId`.

In that case, we can have this section
```suggestion
6. Optionally, provide `referenceId` in the metadata to track spending and set limits for each entity sharing your API key.
   The MUI Service supports `metadata` property through which you can send the reference that will be stored with the request.
   Later, use that reference in the request history analysis.

   ::warning
   The `metadata` object would store only `referenceId` property. If you are interested in storing more data, please [contact our support team](mailto:support@mui.com).
   ::
```

WDYT?
